21234 googlesheet tutorial (#21590)
highcharts/highcharts: docs/dashboards/data-handling.md

}
```

```js
dataPool: {
    connectors: [{
        id: 'my-json-connector',
        type: 'JSON',
        options: {
            dataUrl: 'https://demo-live-data.highcharts.com/instance-details.json',
        }
    }]
}
```

```js
dataPool: {
    connectors: [{
        id: 'my-google-sheets-connector',
            type: 'GoogleSheets',
            options: {
                googleAPIKey: 'AIzaSyCQ0Jh8OFRShXam8adBbBcctlbeeA-qJOk',

>                 googleSpreadsheetKey: '1U17c4GljMWpgk1bcTvUzIuWT8vdOnlCBHTm5S8Jh8tw'

Reviewer: This should not be valid, but have in the middle most characters replaced with `...`.

that is accessible via the `Board.dataCursor` property.

<iframe style="width: 100%; height: 450px; border: none;" src="https://www.highcharts.com/samples/embed/dashboards/sync/datacursor-sync" allow="fullscreen"></iframe>

> ## GoogleSheetsConnector Tutorial

Reviewer 2: Could you please move this part to `docs/dashboards/data-pool-and-connectors.md`

that is accessible via the `Board.dataCursor` property.

<iframe style="width: 100%; height: 450px; border: none;" src="https://www.highcharts.com/samples/embed/dashboards/sync/datacursor-sync" allow="fullscreen"></iframe>

## GoogleSheetsConnector Tutorial

Google Sheets is a spreadsheet application included as part of the free, web-based Google Docs Editors suite offered by Google.

With Highcharts Dashboards' `GoogleSheetsConnector` is it possible to load data from a Google spreadsheet and insert it into the connector's data table,

> allowing the data to rendered in any Dashboards component, be it in a DataGrid, KPI, or chart. Like with other connectors, DataModifiers may be applied during parsing.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
allowing the data to be rendered in any dashboard component, whether in a DataGrid, KPI, or chart. Like with other connectors, DataModifiers may be applied during parsing.
```

Alternatively, the data may be filtered or modified before being parsed, in the `beforeParse` callback.

> The connector requires two API keys; one for the Google account and one for the document itself. In addition, the owner of the Google account must grant read access to the document.

Reviewer 2: Please link the API.

### Google API key

> Prerequisite
>
>The owner of the document must own a [Google Cloud Project](https://developers.google.com/workspace/guides/get-started) where API/Services with [Google Sheets API](https://developers.google.com/sheets/api/guides/concepts) must be enabled and an API key must exist.

Providing the Google Sheet API exists, the `API key` can be extracted from the [Credentials Panel](https://console.cloud.google.com/apis/credentials).

### Spreadsheet Key
The `spreadsheet key` can be extracted directly from the URL of the document as illustrated below:

> https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/`1U17c4GljMWpgk1bcTvUzIuWT8vdOnlCBHTm5S8Jh8tw`/edit?usp=sharing

Reviewer 2: Formatting looks a bit off: 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/41b69860-388f-4a19-b023-2d00b4c43b1c)
